suggest Strimzi only for development (#920)
lightbend/cloudflow: docs/shared-content-source/docs/modules/administration/pages/installation-prerequisites.adoc

`broker-1-address:broker-1-port, broker-2-address;broker-2-port`

If you want to test Cloudflow and need a Kafka cluster, we recommend using Strimzi during development, a third-party Kafka operator that can create and manage Kafka clusters.

See xref:how-to-install-and-use-strimzi.adoc[Installing Kafka with Strimzi] as a guide on how to configure and install a Kafka cluster using Strimzi.

> For production make sure to choose a suitable Kafka solution from an upstream provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure to choose a suitable Kafka service that matches your experience with running Kafka in production.
```
